# hello-world
Getting started with GitHub

Hello World,

As a constant user of computers, drafting and music creation software I have always been interested in the latest technology. I am fascinated by the pace of change that is happening in our present time. I decided to join Tech Elevator so I could learn a skill that would open up a broad array of industries where I can be part of that change instead of being a spectator watching it happen. I have worked as a project manager in the architecture and construction industry the past five years. I have learned that developing great software is not unlike process for designing a great building. Both begin with careful planning and required good communication between team members collaborating on the project. Great software and a great buildings have to deliver what the client requires as well as being functional for the people using the app or the people using the building. Future maintenance and adaptability are also key components in any well designed piece of software or well designed building as the users and their needs will always be changing.

I thrive in open, collaborative, team oriented environments. I enjoy taking on challenges and working with others to solve problems. I can take the lead when I have expertise on certain subject matter, but I really enjoy being part of teams where I have the opportunity to learn new ideas from others. I have a solid foundation of skills needed in a professional environment and I am looking forward to a career as a problem solver in the tech industry.